# [Cool Link](https://spectrum.ieee.org/twitters-tips-for-making-software-engineers-more-efficient)

I found the following article interesting because of how it relates to the software engineering concepts discussed during lecture. Peter Seibel, then the tech lead of Twitter's software engineering effectiveness group, says that scaling up software is a delicate matter that can't be solved by simply assigning more engineers to a project. As a matter of fact, this approach may even hamper development efforts. Instead Seibel argues that a portion of a team should instead be devoted to developing tools and support software, in turn multiplying the effectiveness of the main team. He personally estimates that in a team of 100 engineers, two should be devoted to engineering effectiveness, while a much larger team of 10,000 from Facebook may need to devote a third of its workforce on support projects. Seibel also discusses the compounding effects of 'tech debt', a term where engineers implement a less-than-optimal solution to be improved upon when more time is available, and how support teams are specifically tasked at preventing this from happening.

## Comment from Jennifer Yu 

In addition to the article's relation to our course, I also believe it was interesting to see the emphasize of team communication and collaboration. Peter Seibel believes we can scale up the effectiveness of software engineering with a few people acting as support in a team, showing how different roles and responsibilities of individuals in a team can come together to make big advancements. This reminds me of scrum used in agile development where there can be a bit of support for a project from stakeholders, product owners, and more by managing the project's focus and tools needed. Overall, I think this perspective about engineering effectivenenss allows us to see software enginnering as more to writing code to build applications. 